---
title: Backend/Cloud developer
description: Working on the development and maintenance of a cloud-based SaaS platform powering major retail actors (Boulanger, Leroy Merlin Greece, Entrepôt Du Bricolage, and more) in their signages editing and printing flows.
technologies:
  - .NET (C#)
  - Elasticsearch
  - Azure
details:
  company: PiiVO
  companyPageUrl: https://www.piivo.com/
  location: Tournai, Belgium
  jobType: Full-time
  isHybrid: true
  from: 2023-04-25
  to: today
---

## What I do

I hold a versatile role that bridges technical expertise and project leadership. As a backend developer and cloud solution integrator, I collaborate with major retail actors — such as Boulanger group, Entrepôt Du Bricolage, La Redoute, Leroy Merlin Greece — to design and deliver large-scale, high-performance solutions.

My work is primarily rooted in the .NET ecosystem and the Microsoft Azure cloud platform, covering the entire lifecycle of an application — from development and deployment to production operations.

Beyond pure development, I also take on project management responsibilities: I engage with stakeholders to align on objectives, translate business needs into actionable tasks, and organize and prioritize these within dedicated backlogs.

To ensure reliability and long-term maintainability, I design and implement operational processes, and set up Azure dashboards to continuously monitor applications, track performance, and maintain system health.

## Core tasks & Achievements

- Deploy and maintain a scalable, high-performance .NET application using Azure App Service, Azure Storage and Azure Functions to production.

- Maintain CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps, ensuring seamless software delivery and deployment.

- Develop comprehensive Azure Dashboards and leverage Kusto Query Language (KQL) to analyze and monitor application performance, proactively identifying and addressing potential issues.

- Proactively manage and prioritized the exploitation backlog, ensuring timely resolution of technical challenges.
