---
title: Frontend developer
description: Worked on the frontend with Vue 3, and the wireframing, in coordination with a multi-disciplinary team to create a web app for a non-profit organization.
technologies:
  - Vue 3
  - BootstrapVue
details:
  company: INEAT
  companyPageUrl: https://astekgroup.fr/
  location: Lille, France
  jobType: Full-time
  isHybrid: true
  from: 2022-11-01
  to: 2023-02-15
---

## What I did

As part of an Agile development team, I helped bring to life a web application for a non-profit organization, where technology met purpose. My role spanned both the technical backbone and the user-facing experience, ensuring the product was not only functional, but meaningful and easy to use.

I took the lead on technical decisions — defining how the design system, frontend architecture, and application logic would come together to form a cohesive, scalable foundation.

On the creative side, I led the UI/UX design process, crafting wireframes and interactive prototypes directly from user stories shaped by the product roadmap and sprint backlogs.

From there, I turned user needs into intuitive, engaging interfaces, refining every detail to enhance usability and create an experience that truly resonated with the people it was built for.

## Core tasks & Achievements

- Collaborated within an Agile development team to build a web application for a non-profit organization.

- Led technical decision-making regarding design system integration, frontend architecture, and application logic.

- Led UI/UX design, creating wireframes and prototypes based on user stories from the product roadmap and sprints backlog.

- Translated user needs into intuitive and engaging interfaces, enhancing user experience and application usability.
